that's fathers one of my personal
all-time favorite shows and of course I
was excited when I heard it was coming
back it was even more excited when the
creator of the show Chris Carter invited
me to be a part of it
just like old times if we're lucky
oh my god the government's been hiding
this the whole time and then we'd find
it we just have to keep looking
hey God you talk dark in here
wow what a dump is this what I think it
is gross who are you hmm
I'm agent keen I'm your new partner they
figured since you guys have been away
for a while you might need some help
getting back into the swing of things
I'm sorry but we've been doing this for
a long time
I'm gonna call Skinner mm-hmm no damn it
here it's a payphone here use this is it
remember it's a smart phone he use it to
call or text GPS snapchat tinder
whatever we can't let them trace us here
I had 18 months before I can upgrade
that hotel with you people can find
anybody anywhere all the time now have
you ever heard of the internet you're
nuts
we're not gonna shut us down this time
the whole world is gonna know
hey maybe it means a floppy to boot up
alder put the floppy down put it down
this isn't the 90s anymore we've moved
on why there's a great decade why would
we do that it was a great decade great
music Hootie the Blowfish beanie babies
pogs
everybody loves pogs not anymore we've
moved on oh the people still like us you
guys oh yeah of course we loved you then
and we love you now and even if coming
back turns out to be a bad idea like a
really really bad idea that makes
everyone hate you will still always
happen to 90s also you two should have
sex you should it's been like 23 years
everybody knows just like no that's not
what no it is what and it's time to do
it already
I have sex later okay
I am Jimmy Kimmel if you like that
subscribe to our YouTube channel to get
all our latest videos before they die
and go to YouTube heaven